Docs: Fix and clarify which /dev/video devices to use with Raspberry Pi (#9509)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/hardware_acceleration.md

## Raspberry Pi 3/4

> Ensure you increase the allocated RAM for your GPU to at least 128
> (`raspi-config` > Performance Options > GPU Memory).  If you are using the Hass
> addon, you may need to turn off `Protection mode` for hardware acceleration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you increase the allocated RAM for your GPU to at least 128 (`raspi-config` > Performance Options > GPU Memory).  
If you are using the HA addon, you may need to use the full access variant and turn off `Protection mode` for hardware acceleration.
```

> 
> Use one of these settings in your `frigate.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
